correcting projects doc (#8100)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/projects.rst

  `Docker containers <https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container>`_ allow you to capture
  non-Python dependencies such as Java libraries.

>   When you run an MLflow project that specifies a Docker image, MLflow runs your image as is with the parameters 
>   specified in your MLproject file. In this case you'll need to pre build your images with both environment 
>   and code to run it. In the oldest Mlflow versions, when specifying a docker environment mlflow, a new Docker layer
>   was added copying the project's contents into the ``/mlflow/projects/code`` directory producing a new image. 
>   Using ``mlflow run --build-image /path/to/directory`` makes MLflow then run the new image and invoke the
>   project entrypoint in the resulting container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you run an MLflow project that specifies a Docker image, MLflow runs your image as is with the parameters 
  specified in your MLproject file. In this case you'll need to pre build your images with both environment 
  and code to run it. To use a new image that's based on your image and contains the project's contents into the ``/mlflow/projects/code`` directory, use the `--build-image` flag when running `mlflow run`.
```
